{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Stevens et al 2017 Metadata\

\b File structure: \

\b0 Core data is in the root \'93Data\'94 folder\
Raw data is data created by others.\
Derived data is intermediate-stage data created in this analysis\

\b \

\b0 Core data includes:
\b \
\
Data/sdc_data.csv
\b0  is the master data file used for statistical analysis in TrendsAnalysis. It is derived data produced by the cumulative code in 1.SDC Fires, 2. Scrape climate data, and 3. TrendsAnalysis. It includes all the variables in all_fires_ForAnalysis, plus four weather variables from GridMet, plus a region variable, minus the incomplete fires from 2013. See Metadata.xlsx for variable definitions.\
\

\b Data/hs_patches.RDS
\b0  is a compressed R Data file that contains the shapefiles for the high-severity layers of each fire analyzed in this study. Projection is EPSG:3310, NAD83 CA Albers.\
\
Raw data includes:\
\

\b Data/Raw/fires_usfs.csv
\b0 \
From Jay Miller. Candidate fires for our analysis\
Fires >80 ha\
Fires from 1984-2016\
Fires >50% on USFS land, or <50% USFS and >50% NPS\
N = 528\
Columns: See Metadata.xlsx\
\
Derived data includes:\
 \

\b Data/Derived/all_fires_ForAnalysis_weather.csv
\b0  is derived data produced by the cumulative code in 1.SDC Fires, and 2. Scrape climate data. It includes all the variables in all_fires_ForAnalysis, plus four weather variables from GridMet. See Metadata.xlsx for variable definitions.\

\b \
Data/Derived/all_fires_ForAnalysis.csv 
\b0 is derived data produced by the cumulative code in 1.SDC Fires. It includes the raw data plus a calculation of sdc for each fire.
\b  
\b0 See Metadata.xlsx for variable definitions.\
\

\b all_fires_Long.csv
\b0  is derived data produced by the code in 1.SDC Fires; it is an intermediate data product with a row for each 10m interior buffer on the patch, plus a column for sdc that was estimated for each fire. See Metadata.xlsx for variable definitions.}